appsctl installation steps for Mattermost Server on AWS EC2 (#1276)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/deploy/_index.md

  `appsctl` CLI tool is provided to deploy AWS and OpenFaaS apps in self-managed
  environments. To install appsctl, `go install
  github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/cmd/appsctl@latest`

>   Note: If you have self hosted Mattermost on AWS EC2 then default go version is 1.13.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<note "Note:">}}
If you have a self-hosted Mattermost instance running on AWS EC2, the default Golang version is 1.13.8.
{{</note>}}
```

  Due to which above go install command will give error stating
  `can't load package: package github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/cmd/appsctl@latest: cannot use path@version syntax in GOPATH mode`

  To fix this update your golang version to latest and run above command.

>   When deploying to AWS the appsctl binary is present in Home directory inside go/bin folder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When deploying to AWS the appsctl binary is present in Home directory inside `go/bin` folder
```

  `appsctl` CLI tool is provided to deploy AWS and OpenFaaS apps in self-managed
  environments. To install appsctl, `go install
  github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/cmd/appsctl@latest`

{{<note "Note:">}}
If you have a self-hosted Mattermost instance running on AWS EC2, the default Golang version is 1.13.8.
{{</note>}}

>   Due to which above go install command will give error stating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Because of this, the Go install command will give an error stating:
```

>   Because of this, the Go install command will give an error stating:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Because of this, the Golang install command will give an error stating:
```

  `can't load package: package github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/cmd/appsctl@latest: cannot use path@version syntax in GOPATH mode`

>   To fix this update your golang version to latest and run above command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To fix this, update your Golang version to the latest release and run the command again.
```

>   When deploying to AWS the appsctl binary is present in Home directory inside `go/bin` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When deploying to AWS, the `appsctl` binary is present in the `Home` directory inside the `go/bin` folder.
```

>   To use appsctl, use below command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To use `appsctl`, run the following command:
```
